dialyzer: Add documentation for nominals (#9194)
erlang/otp: system/doc/reference_manual/typespec.md

such types do not make much sense as module local - module local types are not
accessible by other modules anyway - and is always to be exported.

> Types declared as `nominal` are type-checked by Dialyzer according to the
> user-defined names. They are treated as regular types everywhere else, including
> the compiler.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Types declared as `nominal` are type-checked according to the user-defined names instead of their structure. That is `-nominal feet() :: integer()` and `-nominal meter() :: integer()` are not the same type, while if `-type` is used it would be.
```

I think we should refrain from describing how tools interpret the attributes as much as possible, and instead describe what they mean in a tool-independent fasion. Above is an attempt at a rewrite :)
